profiling: add new environment variables (#7098)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/_index.md

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `DD_API_KEY`                                     | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles. New in version 0.37.                                        |
| `DD_PROFILING_API_KEY`                           | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles. Changed in 0.37: deprecated in favor of DD_API_KEY.
| `DD_SITE`                                        | String        | If your organization is on Datadog EU site, set this to `datadoghq.eu`.                          |

> | `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, for example `my-web-app`.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name.     |
```

> | `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The Datadog [environment][4] name, for example `production`, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The Datadog [environment][4] name, for example `production`, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS` with `DD_PROFILING_TAGS="env:production"`. |
```

> | `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The version of your application, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The version of your application, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS` with `DD_PROFILING_TAGS="version:<APPLICATION_VERSION>"`                              |
```

> | `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`                              | String        | The tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of in the format `<KEY1>:<VALUE1>,<KEY2>:<VALUE2>`.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`                              | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list a `key:value` comma separated list like: `<KEY1>:<VALUE1>,<KEY2>:<VALUE2>`.   |
```

| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `DD_PROFILING_API_KEY`                           | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles.                                         |
| `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`                              | String        | The tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of in the format `<KEY1>:<VALUE1>,<KEY2>:<VALUE2>`.       |

> | `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, for example `my-web-app`.                 |
```

Why give them 2 options? How will they know which to choose? Same below.

Reviewer 3: Agreed, and I would put DD_PROFILING_TAGS at the end of the table vs these ones

> | `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The Datadog [environment][3] name, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.             |

Reviewer: the environment link should point to `/tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope/#environment`

> | `DD_ENV`                                         | String        | The Datadog [environment][4] primary tag name, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.             |

Reviewer 2: ... for example `production`.

3 words will illustrate the basic concept much more quickly then them having to jump to another page and read a bunch of other stuff :-)

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `DD_API_KEY`                                     | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles.                                         |

Reviewer 2: We don't need to get too fancy if this tooling doesn't support it:

```suggestion
| `DD_API_KEY`                                     | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles. New in version 0.36                                        |
| `DD_PROFILING_API_KEY`                           | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles. Changed in 0.36: deprecated in favor of DD_API_KEY.
```

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `DD_PROFILING_API_KEY`                           | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles.                                         |

Reviewer 2: This should be consistent with other profilers which have (for now) intentionally gone with DD_PROFILING_API_KEY. We can revisit that but it should be done holistically. Please hold off on merging until that convo happens.

For the record, canonical doc- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qrz2msAPWcCD8X6zkaEHZ9ut80Uuu3x1aNexV33_cG0/edit

| `DD_PROFILING_API_KEY`                           | String        | The [Datadog API key][1] to use when uploading profiles. Changed in 0.37: deprecated in favor of DD_API_KEY.
| `DD_SITE`                                        | String        | If your organization is on Datadog EU site, set this to `datadoghq.eu`.                          |

> | `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, for example `my-web-app`, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.     |

Reviewer 2: Can we do the same version stuff w DD_SERVICE[_NAME]?

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't bother with the "or in DD_PROFILING_TAGS" in any of these, in part because it's needless confusion and in part because we may remove this.

> | `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, for example `my-web-app`, which can be set here, or in `DD_PROFILING_TAGS`.     |

Author: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE`                                     | String        | The Datadog [service][3] name, for example `my-web-app`.     |
```
